Stay the hell still
Pandon, what are you doing?
Aren't you afraid my father will kill you?
You go see your father now
I'm the one who will die
Song Xuan, I don't care if you are a human or a ghost
I want your book of joy and injustice
Or I'll shoot him
Don't play tricks
I already know what the secret is, sister.
What's the secret to this joy?
What a secret!
I don't understand hurry up
OK
Hahahahahahaha happy record
With him, I'm not afraid of anyone
What's the secret in that book?
Let Bitter Winter and Su Daqiang be so crazy
If I'm not mistaken
These six children represent the six realms of reincarnation
liudao
The theory of mass combat divides the world into six realms
The murderer used the child's bones to connect six channels
Lower Immortal Array
Do you want to become immortal and live forever?
Winter is so deliberate
I just came over again to grab the wish record.
It seems that he must be the mastermind behind the scenes
Lord Song, the old man suggested
The first priority is to solve the case first
Although the cold winter is suspicious
But not enough evidence
Another plan is required
What secrets does my sister hide in the garden?
Now is not the time for you to know
Investigate the case well
Then you will know
Hey, Lord Song
Who are you talking to?